OLH-921 OIDC Authorization API stub (#2)
alphagov/di-account-management-stubs: README.md

# di-account-management-stubs

> Repository to store stubs for services that Gov.UK OneLogin Account Managemet integrates with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository to store stubs for services that GOV.UK One Login Account Management integrates with
```
Super nitpick - it's always GOV.UK in capitals and our product's called One Login. We're not very good at being consistent but I'm trying to correct it where I spot it
